Structure README File (#212)
radicle-dev/radicle.xyz: README.md

# The [radicle.xyz](https://radicle.xyz) website

> This is the repository of the radicle.xyz website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the repository of the [radicle.xyz](https://radicle.xyz) website.
```

# The [radicle.xyz](https://radicle.xyz) website

> This repository is where the source code for [radicle.xyz](https://radicle.xyz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the repository of the radicle.xyz website.
```

> has been stored.

Reviewer 2: Can we just change this to `This is the repository of the radicle.xyz website.`?

Reviewer 2: Otherwise LGTM.

Author: I actually used the same to add weight to the description.

> has been stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
